Small change to bracket notation (#1384)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/objects/objects.md

> Bracket notation must be used if the property name has numbers, spaces, or special characters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bracket notation must be used if the property name has spaces, special characters, or begins with a number:
```

It seems that numbers can be involved in the property name for dot notation as long as the prop name _does not_ begin with a number. (i.e., `obj.3blindMice` would not be valid whereas `obj.the3musketeers` would be)

```pseudo

> objectName["property Name"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
objectName['property Name']
```

Since the rest of the examples use them, let's switch this to single quotes.
